{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red47\green118\blue156;
\red222\green0\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 
\f1\b\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\b0 \cf3 \'a9 Con Poulos\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\f2\fs52 \cf0 Chilled Beet and Green Apple Bisque\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\fs18 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/justin-chapple"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
JUSTIN CHAPPLE}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		ACTIVE: 
\b0 40 MIN
\b \
		TOTAL TIME: 
\b0 1 HR 15 MIN PLUS CHILLING
\b \
		SERVINGS:
\b0  4 TO 6
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		HEALTHY\
		MAKE-AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200

\f2\i\b0\fs32 \cf0 Shredding the beets and apples for this deep fuchsia soup cuts down on the cooking time and keeps the sweet-tart flavors fresh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\b \cf0 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/healthy-soups"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 More Healthy Soup Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\i0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
RELATED RECIPES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://editor.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-recipes-inspired-our-favorite-artisans"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Summer Recipes Inspired by Our Favorite Artisans}}
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\b\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\'a01 1/2 pounds medium beets, peeled and cut into wedges\
{\listtext	.	}2 Granny Smith apples\'97peeled, cored and cut into wedges\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	.	}2 shallots, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	.	}2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	.	}2 cups chicken stock or low-sodium broth\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup apple juice\
{\listtext	.	}Salt\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup sour cream mixed with 1 tablespoon\'a0water\
{\listtext	.	}Shaved or julienned beets and small beet greens, for garnish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}In a food processor fitted with the shredding disk or using a box grater, shred the beets and apples.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}In a large saucepan, heat the olive oil. Add the shallots and garlic and cook over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the shredded beets and apples and cook, stirring occasionally, until just starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the stock and 3 1/2 cups of water and bring to a boil. Simmer over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the beets are tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}In a blender, puree the soup with the apple juice until very smooth. Transfer to a bowl; refrig-\uc0\u8232 erate until chilled, 45 minutes.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}Stir tablespoons of water into the soup if it gets too thick, then season with salt. Ladle the soup into bowls and swirl in the \uc0\u8232 sour cream. Garnish with shaved or julienned beets and beet greens and serve.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The soup can be refrigerated for up to 3 days.\
}