{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green131\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red38\green38\blue38;\red230\green230\blue230;\red250\green247\blue10;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840

\f0\fs80 \cf0 Penne with Shrimp and Morel Mushrooms\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 PUBLISHED: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/magazine/2008-03"}}{\fldrslt MARCH 2008}}\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 
\f1 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs22 \cf0 SERVINGS: 8\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qc
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs28 \cf0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/penne-with-shrimp-and-morel-mushrooms#recipe-ingredients"}}{\fldrslt Recipe}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri500\qc
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qc
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/penne-with-shrimp-and-morel-mushrooms#recipe-comments"}}{\fldrslt Comments (1)}}\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \cb4 Share It\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 		\
		\
		\
		\
		\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Penne With Shrimp And Morel Mushrooms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480
\cf5 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs22 \cf5 SERVINGS: 8\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf5 		4 1/2-ounce packages dried morel mushrooms
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 1/2 cups very hot water
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1/2 cup olive oil, divided
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 pounds uncooked large shrimp, shelled, deveined
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, divided
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 1/2 pounds crimini (baby bella) mushrooms, thickly sliced
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		5 garlic cloves, peeled, pressed into small bowl
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1/2 cup dry white wine
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 1/4 cups heavy whipping cream
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 1/2 pounds penne
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Recipe Tips\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf2 RECIPES}}
\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/slideshow/summer-pasta"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 12 Summer Pastas Full of Tomatoes, Herbs and More}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs22 \cf2 RECIPES}}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/article/a-pasta-for-lovers"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 A Pasta for Lovers}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs22 \cf2 RECIPES}}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/slideshow/favorite-pasta-recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 Our Favorite Pasta Recipes}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \cb4 Preparation\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf5 		Place dried morels in medium bowl; add 2 1/2 cups hot water. Soak until tender, about 35 minutes. Lift out morels, squeezing liquid back into bowl; reserve liquid. Cut any large morels in half.\
		Heat 1/4 cup oil in large skillet over high heat. Add shrimp; sprinkle with salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon rosemary. Saut\'e9 until just opaque in center, about 3 minutes. Transfer shrimp to bowl. Add 1/4 cup oil to same skillet; reduce heat to medium-high. Add morels, crimini mushrooms, garlic, and 1 tablespoon rosemary. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Saut\'e9 until mushrooms are browned, about 8 minutes. Add wine. Cook 1 minute, scraping up browned bits. Add cream and 1 cup mushroom soaking liquid, leaving any sediment in bowl. Boil until sauce thickens enough to coat spoon, about 10 minutes.\
		Meanwhile, cook pasta in large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to bite. Drain and return to same pot.\
		Add mushroom sauce, parsley, and shrimp to pasta in pot. Toss over medium-high heat until warmed through, adding more mushroom soaking liquid (leaving sediment in bowl) if pasta is dry. Season with salt and pepper. Transfer to large bowl.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls5\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 		Recipe by Matthew, Jesse Hufft\
		Photograph by Marcus Nilsson\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\fs32 \cf0 See More\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\sa220
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/dinner"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf5 \cb6 DINNER}}
\fs22  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/dinner-party"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 DINNER PARTY}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/italian"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 ITALIAN}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/italian-food"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 ITALIAN FOOD}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/large-group"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 LARGE GROUP}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/main-course"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 MAIN COURSE}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/morels"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 MORELS}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/mushroom"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 MUSHROOM}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/pasta"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 PASTA}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/pasta-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 PASTA RECIPES}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/penne"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 PENNE}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/seafood"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb7 SEAFOOD}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/seafood-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 SEAFOOD RECIPES}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/shrimp"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 SHRIMP}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/tag/spring"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \cb6 SPRING}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs32 \cf0 \
}