{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green18\blue18;\red83\green83\blue83;\red241\green147\blue29;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red221\green221\blue221;\red0\green0\blue0;\red141\green192\blue33;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7100\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt400 \clpadl500 \clpadb400 \clpadr500 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl680\sa120\qc

\f0\fs58 \cf2 Fruits de Mer Platter\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl380\qc

\fs28 \cf3 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\qc

\fs24 \cf3 Fill the tiered platter with just as much seafood as it can hold comfortably; refrigerate the rest until you are ready to replenish the platter.\
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl160\qc
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs16 \cf2 		SERVINGS:
\b0 \cf3  8\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\qc

\f2\fs28 \cf3    \
\
  
\f3\fs36 \cf4 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl360\qc
\cf4 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\qc

\f2\fs28 \cf3  \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl160\qc

\fs16 \cf3 \cb5 90
\fs28 \cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl280\qc
\cf3 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl380\qc

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl380\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf3 \
\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380
\cf3 \cb5 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5900\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt300 \clpadl300 \clpadb300 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl240\qc

\f1\b\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 SOURCE: 
\b0 \cf3 MARTHA STEWART LIVING, DECEMBER 2005\cell 

\itap2\trowd \taflags4 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5500\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt300 \clpadl300 \clpadb300 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl240\sa80

\b \cf3 THE FOOD NEWSLETTER\
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf3 Great tips & recipes delivered to your inbox.\
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl380
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://secure.marthastewart.com/common/profile/quicksignup.jsp?regSource=10008"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b\fs20 \cf5 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SIGN ME UP}}\nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl380

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs28 \cf3 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\qc
\cf3 \cb5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		1/2 bottle (375 mL) dry white wine\
		1/4 cup coarse salt or sea salt\
		2 lemons, halved\
		1 teaspoon paprika\
		1 teaspoon coriander seeds\
		1 teaspoon celery seed\
		3 bay leaves\
		2 live lobsters (each 1 1/4 pounds)\
		6 king crab legs (1 3/4 pounds total)\
		2 pounds large shrimp in shells\
		24 oysters\
		12 littleneck clams\
		Crushed ice\
		2 to 4 ounces caviar, such as North American osetra\
		Toast points\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa240
\ls2\ilvl0\cf8 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/312594/classic-cocktail-sauce"}}{\fldrslt Classic Cocktail Sauce}}\cf3 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf8 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/350023/saffron-mayonnaise"}}{\fldrslt Saffron Mayonnaise}}\cf3 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cf8 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.marthastewart.com/340330/mignonette-sauce"}}{\fldrslt Mignonette Sauce}}\cf3 \
		Lemon wedges\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa200

\f1\fs36 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
DIRECTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}Make the court-bouillon: Prepare a large ice-water bath. Fill a 3-gallon pot with cold water. Add wine, salt, lemons, paprika, coriander seeds, celery seed, and bay leaves. Bring to a boil.\
{\listtext	2.	}Cook seafood: Add lobsters head first to court-bouillon. Cover; return to a boil. Cook 10 minutes. Using tongs, transfer lobsters to ice-water bath. Add crab legs to court-bouillon. Return to a boil; cook 8 minutes. Transfer lobsters to a plate; immediately add crab legs to ice-water bath, adding more ice as needed. Add shrimp to court-bouillon. Return to a boil; cook until shrimp are pink and opaque, about 3 minutes. Add shrimp to ice-water bath; let crab legs and shrimp cool completely. Transfer to a plate.\
{\listtext	3.	}Separate tails, claws, and knuckles from lobsters; using kitchen shears or a knife, split tails lengthwise through shells, then halve crosswise. Crack claws and knuckles so that meat can be easily removed. Separate crab legs at knuckles. Using kitchen shears, cut away a piece of shell so meat can be easily removed. Peel and devein shrimp, leaving tails intact. Transfer lobster pieces, crab legs, and shrimp to a rimmed baking sheet; wrap tightly in plastic. Refrigerate until ready to serve, or overnight.\
{\listtext	4.	}Assemble the platter: Just before serving, fill a 3-tier glass serving stand with crushed ice. Shuck the oysters and clams; set flat on bottom tier so that juices do not spill. Arrange lobsters and shrimp on middle tier. Put caviar into a small bowl, and set in center of top tier; arrange crab legs around caviar. Serve with toast points, the cocktail sauce, saffron mayonnaise, mignonette sauce, and lemon wedges.\
}