{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green30\blue35;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Perfect roast potatoes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\sa200\qc

\f1\b0\fs84 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Crunchy, fluffy, spot-on spuds\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Thanks for voting. Why not leave a comment\
Rate\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 (7)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 \'93Everyone loves roasties \'96 a few tricks and flavour combos will give you a real crowd pleaser \'94\
Serves 6\
Cooks In 1H 35M plus 5 for making flavours\
Difficulty Super easy\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/vegetables-recipes/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Vegetables}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/category/occasion/christmas/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Christmas}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/category/occasion/dinner-party/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dinner Party}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/category/lifestyle/gluten-free/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Gluten-free}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa280
\cf0 Nutrition per serving\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Calories\uc0\u8232 290\u8232 15%\u8232 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Fat\uc0\u8232 10.6g\u8232 15%\u8232 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Saturates\uc0\u8232 1.4g\u8232 7%\u8232 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Protein\uc0\u8232 5.7g\u8232 13%\u8232 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Carbs\uc0\u8232 40.8g\u8232 16%\u8232 \
{\listtext	\'95	}Sugar\uc0\u8232 1.7g\u8232 2%\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa280
\cf0 Of an adult's reference intake\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa280
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.channel4.com/programmes/jamies-family-christmas"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 image: https://jamieoliverprod.s3.amazonaws.com/recipe-database/originalSourceImage/e2332dd1b00ade8be8f4459a071491a6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f2\fs24 \cf0 }}\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 \
Recipe From\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360

\b \cf0 Jamie's Family Christmas\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.channel4.com/programmes/jamies-family-christmas"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf2 Watch the show}}
\b0 \
\
\
Tap For Method\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360

\b \cf0 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1.5 kg Maris Piper potatoes , peeled\
{\listtext	\'95	}sea salt\
{\listtext	\'95	}freshly ground black pepper\
{\listtext	\'95	}olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bulb garlic , broken into cloves\
{\listtext	\'95	}red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	\'95	}flavour combo 1\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 good lugs olive oil\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh rosemary , leaves picked\
{\listtext	\'95	}flavour combo 2\
{\listtext	\'95	}50 g butter , cut into little cubes\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh sage , roughly torn\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 clementine\
{\listtext	\'95	}flavour combo 3\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons goose fat\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 bunch fresh thyme , leaves picked\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 fresh bay leaves\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 Tap Sidebar for method\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360

\b \cf0 Share this Recipe\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls5\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
{\listtext	\'95	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 Copy URL\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\qc

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 ADVERTISEMENT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
Tap For Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa280
\cf0 Preheat your oven to 190\'baC/375\'baF/gas 5. Peel your potatoes with a knife or speed peeler and cut any larger ones so they\'92re all an even-size - twice the size of a squash ball is about right. Wash your potatoes in cold water to get rid of any extra starch then tip into a large pot, cover with cold water and season well. Bring to the boil and cook for about 6 to 7 minutes, so that they\'92re parboiled, then drain in a colander and leave to steam dry for 3 minutes. Give the colander a bit of a shake to help chuff up the potatoes \'96 this will help to make them super crisp later on. \uc0\u8232 \u8232 At this point, you need to decide which flavour combo to go with. Tip your potatoes into a tray or pan in one layer, and add your fat \'96 olive oil, butter or goose fat \'96 then season really well with salt and pepper. At this stage, I\'92m not going to add any more flavour. Toss your potatoes in the fat, or use a spoon or fish slice to mix it all up. You could get the potatoes up to this stage the day before, simply cover them with cling film or tin foil and pop in the bottom of your fridge or in a cool place until you need them. Put your potatoes in the hot oven to cook for 30 minutes until lightly golden and three quarters cooked. \u8232 \u8232 Now\'92s the time for my new trick. Gently squash each potato with a potato masher to increase the surface area \'96 the more of your potato that\'92s in contact with the pan, the crispier it will be. Whichever fat you\'92re using, you now want to prepare the rest of the flavourings. Add a good lug of olive oil to a small bowl and add the herbs, garlic and a splash of red wine vinegar, then scrunch and mix it up a bit. If you\'92re using butter, peel in a good few strips of clementine zest with a speed peeler \'96 you won\'92t eat these but they\'92ll add amazing flavour. Add the flavour to your potatoes and give the pan a good shake, then pop back in the hot oven for 40 to 45 minutes until perfect for your liking. You\'92re looking for gnarly, crispy, bubbly and delicious. \u8232 \u8232 Transfer to a plate lined with kitchen paper to drain off some of the excess fat, then tuck in! I\'92d be happy with any of these flavour combos, but this year I\'92ll be going for butter, but maybe with the rosemary and garlic. So you really can mix it up however you like.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\qc

\f1\fs44 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
Tip\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa360

\b \cf0 Comme\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\b0 \cf0 \
Read more at http://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/vegetables-recipes/perfect-roast-potatoes/#Jbz3ROu5cJO3rCMr.99}