{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red114\green173\blue43;
\red244\green38\blue28;\red247\green247\blue247;\red122\green184\blue49;\red144\green144\blue144;\red157\green157\blue157;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\sa160

\f0\fs80 \cf2 \cb3 LOBSTER NEWBURG\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipesmenus/gourmet/recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs20 \cf4 GOURMET}}
\fs20 \cf4  JANUARY 1991
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\f0\fs96 \cf5 4/4
\fs32 \cf2  
\fs24 \cf0 
\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\qc
\cf2 REVIEWS (\cf4 33\cf2 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qc

\fs96 \cf5 95%
\fs32 \cf2 \
MAKE IT AGAIN\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cf2 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/lobster-newburg-11057#"}}{\fldrslt ADD TO RECIPES}}\
		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/printerfriendly/lobster-newburg-11057"}}{\fldrslt PRINT}}\
		SHARE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:example@email.com?subject=Lobster%20Newburg&body=http://www.epicurious.com//recipes/food/views/lobster-newburg-11057"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 EMAIL}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epicurious.com%2Frecipes%2Ffood%2Fviews%2Flobster-newburg-11057&media=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epicurious.com&description=Lobster%20Newburg"}}{\fldrslt PINIT}}\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/share?lang=en&text=Lobster+Newburg+Recipe"}}{\fldrslt TWEET}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://plus.google.com/share?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.epicurious.com%2Frecipes%2Ffood%2Fviews%2Flobster-newburg-11057"}}{\fldrslt GOOGLEPLUS}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\qc

\f1\fs40 \cf2 Gastronomic lore tells us that the forerunner of this famous lobster dish was actually created at Delmonico's, the well-known New York City restaurant, during its heyday in the latter part of the last century. Mr. Ben Wenburg (or Wenberg, as some believe), a Delmonico's habitu\'e9 during this period, is said to have devised a dish made with seafood, cream, and egg yolks. It was called Wenburg on the menu until some time later when the epicurean Mr. Wenburg became involved in a dispute with the management. Thereafter, the restaurant renamed the offering seafood "Newburg," and a classic was born.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\qc
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs44 \cf2 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/lobster-newburg-11057"}}{\fldrslt COOK}}
\f1\fs32 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl520\qc
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs44 \cf2 \cb6 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/reviews/lobster-newburg-11057"}}{\fldrslt REVIEWS (\cf4 33\cf2 )}}
\f1\fs32 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa100

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
YIELD: 
\f1\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Serves 6
\f0\fs32 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa480

\fs52 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl580\sa360
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}three 1 1/2-pound live lobsters\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/2 stick (1/4 cup) unsalted butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon medium-dry Sherry\
{\listtext	\'95	}3 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 1/2 cups heavy cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
{\listtext	\'95	}cayenne to taste\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 large egg yolks, beaten well\
{\listtext	\'95	}toast points as an accompaniment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa480

\f0\fs52 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
PREPARATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa500

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Into a large kettle of boiling salted water plunge the lobsters, head first, and boil them, covered, for 8 minutes from the time the water returns to a boil. Transfer the lobsters with tongs to a cutting board and let them cool until they can be handled. Break off the claws at the body and crack them. Remove the claw meat and cut it into 1/2-inch pieces. Halve the lobsters length-wise along the undersides, remove the meat from the tails, discarding the bodies, and cut it into 1/2-inch pieces.\
In a heavy saucepan cook the lobster meat in the butter over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes, add 2 tablespoons of the Sherry and 3 tablespoons of the brandy, and cook the mixture, stirring, for 2 minutes. Transfer the lobster meat with a slotted spoon to a bowl. Add the cream to the Sherry mixture and boil the mixture until it is reduced to about 1 cup. Reduce the heat to low and stir in the remaining 1 teaspoon Sherry, the remaining 1 teaspoon brandy, the nutmeg, the cayenne, and salt to taste. Whisk in the yolks, cook the mixture, whisking constantly, until it registers 140\'b0F. on a deep-fat thermometer, and cook it, whisking, for 3 minutes more. Stir in the lobster meat and serve the lobster Newburg over the toast.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl680

\f0\fs24 \cf5 ADD NOTES
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\f0\fs52 \cf3 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MENUS & TAGS\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl840\qc

\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 TAGS: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/sherry-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb8 SHERRY}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/egg-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb8 EGG}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/milk-cream-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb8 MILK/CREAM}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/brandy-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb8 BRANDY}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/lobster-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb8 LOBSTER}} {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/american-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \cb8 AMERICAN}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl760\sa200

\fs52 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
RECENT REVIEW\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/reviews/lobster-newburg-11057"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 VIEW ALL}}
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\fs28 \cf2 Hi all...a rendition of this recipe has been in my family for years! My grandfather was a lobster fisherman and this is a dish we always had for Christmas breakfast (maybe to slow us down when we were younger). The only thing that we do different up here is to serve it either over mashed potatoes (do NOT hold the butter) or puff pastry. I agree with jjandecho - do not boil the cream but allow it to slowly thicken. Don't change a thing otherwise...heaven on a plate and crazy glue for the veins!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520

\f0\fs20 \cf4 STEPHMARTIN FROM BEAUTIFUL NOVA SCOTIA / 12.18.13\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520
\cf9 FLAG IF INAPPROPRIATE\cf4 \
}