{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green118\blue156;\red106\green106\blue106;
\red222\green0\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\f0\fs52 \cf0 \cb2 Garlic Knots with Frizzled Herbs\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 		ACTIVE: 
\b0 25 MIN
\b \
		TOTAL TIME: 
\b0 1 HR
\b \
		SERVINGS:
\b0  4 TO 6
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		VEGETARIAN\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200

\f0\i\b0\fs32 \cf0 These tender pull-apart rolls are made from prepared pizza dough, which makes them easy to assemble. They\'92re brushed with garlic-infused butter as soon as they come out of the oven.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\b \cf0 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/garlic"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 More Garlic Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\i0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
RELATED RECIPES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://editor.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-recipes-inspired-our-favorite-artisans"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Summer Recipes Inspired by Our Favorite Artisans}}
\b0\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\b\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for greasing and brushing\
{\listtext	.	}One 1-pound ball of pizza dough, thawed if frozen\
{\listtext	.	}Canola oil, for frying\
{\listtext	.	}6 thyme sprigs\
{\listtext	.	}6 small rosemary sprigs\
{\listtext	.	}6 tablespoons unsalted butter\
{\listtext	.	}8 garlic cloves, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup finely chopped parsley\
{\listtext	.	}Salt\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}Preheat the oven to 450\'b0 and grease an 8-inch cast-iron \uc0\u8232 skillet with olive oil. Cut the pizza dough into 8 wedges. Stretch each wedge slightly and gently tie into a loose knot, then \u8232 transfer to the prepared skillet. Lightly brush the knots with olive oil. Cover with plastic wrap and let stand at room temperature for 20 minutes.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}Remove the plastic and bake the knots for 20 to 25 minutes, until puffed and browned.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan, heat 1/4 inch of canola oil until shimmering. Add the thyme sprigs and fry over moderately high heat until crispy, about 1 minute. Transfer to paper towels to drain. Add the rosemary sprigs to the hot oil and fry until crisp, about 1 minute; drain on paper towels.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}Pour off the canola oil and wipe out the saucepan. Add the butter and 6 tablespoons of olive oil and cook until the butter is melted. Add the garlic and cook over moderate heat until lightly browned and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley and season with salt. Brush the garlic butter all over the hot knots, top with the frizzled herbs and serve.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The frizzled herbs can be stored at room temperature overnight.\
}