{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red16\green131\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \cb2 Glazed Fried Chicken With Old Bay And Cayenne\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\fs32 \cf0 Three steps to success: A flavorful brine infuses the chicken with seasoning and keeps it juicy, an overnight chill allows the crust to set, and a spicy glaze seals the deal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\fs40 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs22 \cf3 SERVINGS: 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\fs32 \cf4 Chicken\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf3 		9.5 ounces kosher salt (1 cup Morton or 1
\f1 \uc0\u8532 
\f0  cups Diamond Crystal)
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		
\f1 \uc0\u8531 
\f0  cup (packed) light brown sugar
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		\'be cup hot sauce (preferably Crystal)
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 3\'bd\'964-pound chickens, cut into 8 pieces (legs and thighs separated, breasts halved), backbone and wing tips removed
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		4 cups all-purpose flour
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		6 tablespoons Old Bay seasoning
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		3 cups buttermilk
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf4 Glaze And Assembly\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf3 		\'be cup lard
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 tablespoon Old Bay seasoning
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 teaspoons paprika
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		1\'bd teaspoons cayenne pepper
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		Vegetable oil (for frying; about 4 quarts)
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf4 Special Equipment\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf3 		A deep-fry thermometer
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400

\fs40 \cf0 Recipe Tips\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/cooking-tips"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf5 COOKING TIPS}}
\fs22 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/cooking-tips/article/grilled-chicken-seasoning"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 15 (New! Exciting!) Ways to Season Grilled Chicken}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/how-to"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf5 HOW-TO}}
\fs22 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/how-to/article/overcooked-meat"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 So You\'92ve Overcooked Your Meat. Now What?}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/cooking-tips"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf5 COOKING TIPS}}
\fs22 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/cooking-tips/article/how-to-brine-chicken"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 Chickens, It\'92s Your Time to Brine}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\fs40 \cf0 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\fs32 \cf3 Chicken\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls4\ilvl0\cf3 		Heat salt, brown sugar, and 4 cups water in a large pot over medium, whisking, until salt and sugar dissolve, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in hot sauce and 8 cups ice water. Add chicken to brine, cover, and chill 4 hours.\
		Combine 2 cups flour and 3 Tbsp. Old Bay seasoning in a shallow baking dish and toss with your fingers to evenly distribute seasoning. Place buttermilk in a medium bowl. Remove chicken from brine and pat dry with paper towels.\
		Working one at a time, dip 8 pieces of chicken in buttermilk, allowing excess to drip off, then coat in flour mixture, packing all around chicken and pressing firmly into cracks and crevices; shake off excess. Place chicken on a wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Discard flour mixture, which will be wet at this point, and repeat process with remaining flour, Old Bay, buttermilk, and chicken; place on another wire rack set inside a rimmed baking sheet. Chill, uncovered, 12\'9624 hours.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf3 Glaze And Assembly\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls5\ilvl0\cf3 		Let chicken stand at room temperature 30 minutes.\
		Heat lard, Old Bay, paprika, and cayenne in a small saucepan over low, stirring, until lard is melted, about 3 minutes. Set glaze aside.\
		Pour oil into a large pot fitted with deep-fry thermometer to come halfway up the sides. Heat over medium-high until thermometer registers 325\'b0. Working in 4 batches, fry chicken, turning often with tongs and adjusting heat to maintain temperature, until skin is deep golden brown and an instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of chicken registers 165\'b0 for dark meat and 160\'b0 for white meat, 10\'9612 minutes per batch. Transfer chicken back to wire racks and let rest 5 minutes. Brush lightly with glaze (reheat glaze, if needed) and let cool. Store on racks at room temperature up to 3 hours ahead.\
}