{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red135\green135\blue135;\red16\green131\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Shellfish With Butter Broth And Honey Emulsion\
BA 9/2010\
\
Serve with Champagne\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480
\cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs22 \cf2 SERVINGS: 10 TO 12\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400

\fs32 \cf3 Shellfish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 		2 cups dry white wine
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 cup water
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 cup peeled finely chopped carrots
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 cup finely chopped celery
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 cup finely chopped white onion
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 bay leaves
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 teaspoons whole black peppercorns
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 teaspoons whole coriander seeds
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		8 large fresh Italian parsley sprigs
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		20 littleneck clams, scrubbed
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		30 mussels, scrubbed, debearded
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 11- to 12-ounce frozen lobster tails, thawed
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf3 Butter Broth\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 		1/4 cup water
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, cut into 1-inch pieces
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		8 ounces crabmeat, picked over
\fs32 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf3 Honey Emulsion\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 		1 cup water
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 tablespoon honey
\fs32 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 large egg yolk
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Recipe Tips\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/entertaining-style/parties"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf4 PARTIES}}
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/entertaining-style/parties/article/dinner-party-starters"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 How to Kick Off a Dinner Party Right: Cheese Balls, Spiced Nuts, and More}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/columns/the-foodist"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs22 \cf4 THE FOODIST}}
\f0\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/columns/the-foodist/article/pepper-jam-thanksgiving-condiment"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 Pepper Jam Is the One Condiment You Need at Thanksgiving}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/quick-recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs22 \cf4 QUICK RECIPES}}
\f0\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa240
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/quick-recipes/slideshow/no-cook-appetizers"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 Say Goodbye to the Stove with These 25 Summery, No-Cook Appetizers}}
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \cb5 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs22 \cf0 TOTAL: 2 HRS
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 Shellfish\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 		Combine first 9 ingredients in large pot. Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 10 minutes to allow flavors to develop. Add clams to broth in pot; increase heat and bring to boil. Cover and cook until clams open, 6 to 8 minutes. Using tongs or slotted spoon, transfer clams to large bowl (discard any that do not open). Add mussels to boiling broth in same pot; cover and cook until mussels open, 4 to 5 minutes. Using tongs or slotted spoon, transfer mussels to bowl with clams (discard any that do not open); cool slightly. Discard broth. Remove clams and mussels from shells; discard shells.\
		Place lobster tails on steamer rack set in large pot filled with just enough water to reach bottom of steamer rack. Bring water to boil. Cover; steam until just cooked through, 7 to 8 minutes. Transfer lobster to bowl of ice water and cool 10 minutes. Using kitchen shears, cut shell of 1 lobster tail open and remove lobster meat from tail; discard shells. Repeat with second lobster tail. Cut meat into 1/2-inch pieces. DO AHEAD Seafood can be cooked 4 hours ahead. Cover separately; chill.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 Butter Broth\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 		Bring 1/4 cup water to boil in heavy large saucepan. Add butter, 2 pieces at a time, whisking until butter is melted but not brown before adding more. Reduce heat to low. Add clams, mussels, lobster, and crab; stir over medium-low heat until shellfish is heated through, about 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with parsley.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 Honey Emulsion\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 		Combine 1 cup water and honey in medium saucepan. Bring to boil, whisking occasionally until honey dissolves. Remove from heat; add egg yolk and blend mixture with immersion blender until very foamy, 2 to 3 minutes.\
		Divide shellfish mixture among small bowls. Top each serving with small spoonful of honey emulsion; serve immediately.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 What To Drink\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls8\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf0 		Recipe by Barbara Lynch Menton Boston Massachusetts\
		Photograph by Elinor Carucci\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs32 \cf0 \
}