{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red255\green255\blue255;\red98\green98\blue98;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440

\f0\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Camarones con Tequila y Naranja\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://westhartfordmagazine.com/camarones-con-tequila-y-naranja/#respond"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf4 Leave a reply}}
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400

\fs28 \cf2 (Shrimp with Tequila and Orange Sauce)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400

\b \cf2 Tequila Orange Sauce &\'a0Sauteed Shrimp
\b0 \

\b 4 oz. Blanco Tequila\uc0\u8232 12 oz. fresh orange juice\u8232 24 ea. jumbo white shrimp\u8232 Salt to taste\u8232 Canola oil\u8232 1/2 cup white onion\u8232 1 Jalape\'f1o minced\u8232 2 cloves minced garlic\u8232 3 tbsp unsalted butter
\b0 \

\b Tropical Pico de Gallo\uc0\u8232 1/2 cup diced mango\u8232 1/2 cup diced pineapple\u8232 1 cup diced tomatoes\u8232 1/2 cup diced red bell pepper\u8232 1 tbsp minced jalape\'f1o\u8232 1/4 cup sliced scallion\u8232 1/4 cup chopped cilantro\u8232 1 tbsp mint chiffonade\u8232 1/2 cup fresh orange juice\u8232 Salt to taste
\b0 \

\b Mashed Boniato\uc0\u8232 5 Boniatos (a sweet potato also known as Batata)\u8232 1 cup heavy cream\u8232 1/2 stick melted butter
\b0 \

\b Tequila Orange Sauce & Sauteed Shrimp
\b0 \

\b 1. 
\b0 Combine the Tequila and orange juice and set aside.\uc0\u8232 
\b 2. 
\b0 Season the shrimp generously with salt and place in a large skillet that has been coated with canola oil.\uc0\u8232 
\b 3.
\b0  Cook on one side over medium-high heat until browned, turn the shrimp, and add the chopped vegetables.\uc0\u8232 
\b 4.
\b0  Deglaze the pan with the Tequila orange mixture and cook until shrimp are cooked through, add the butter and check seasoning.\

\b Tropical Pico de Gallo
\b0 \

\b 1. 
\b0 Combine all ingredients in mixing bowl, add orange juice and season with salt to taste.\uc0\u8232 
\b 2.
\b0  Let the pico de gallo sit for half hour while you prepare the shrimp and Boniato, and re-taste test it and make any adjustments necessary to seasoning.\

\b Mashed Boniato
\b0 \

\b 1.
\b0  Boil the Boniato, with skin on, until tender.\uc0\u8232 
\b 2.
\b0  Drain the water and mash with the heavy cream and butter until smooth.\
Place a large spoonful of the mashed Boniato on each dinner plate. Pile on 6 shrimp on top of each mound of potatoes.\'a0 Top off with a generous portion of the pico de gallo. Add additional chopped cilantro for garnish as desired. Enjoy!\'a0 Serves 4.\uc0\u8232 Hint: Make the Pico de Gallo first, and then chill it while you prepare the rest of the meal.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa400

\i\fs20 \cf2 Besito Mexican Restaurant
\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 46 South Main St., West Hartford 
\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 www.besitomex.com
\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\fs20 (860) 233-2500
\i0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa400

\i\fs26 \cf2 Long Island native and chef, Steve Yopp began and followed his career with Besito to West Hartford. Gathering influence from his recent trip to Mexico and the world around him, Steve attempts to take Mexican cuisine to the next level, maintaining that \'93 you can turn anything into a great Mexican dish as long as the authentic ingredients remain.\'94\'a0
\i0\fs28 \
}