{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green131\blue208;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Linguine with Clams and Fennel\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 Cooking clams with saut\'e9ed fennel and leeks infuses them with flavor. They\'92re fanastic with this chile-laced pasta from chef Erling Wu-Bower.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc

\b \cf2 Slideshow: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/pasta"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf4 More Pasta Recipes}}
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling\
		3 leeks, white and light green parts only, thinly sliced crosswise (3 cups)\
		3/4 pound linguine\
		1/2 medium fennel bulb, cored and thinly sliced (1/2 cup)\
		2 garlic cloves, minced\
		4 pounds Manila clams, scrubbed\
		1 cup dry white wine\
		1 cup fish stock or low-sodium chicken broth\
		4 teaspoons neonata (see Note), sambal oelek or other chunky chile paste\
		1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
		2 tablespoons chopped parsley\
		Kosher salt\
		Pepper\
		Torn basil leaves, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a pot, heat 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the leeks and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until tender and lightly golden, about 8 minutes. Transfer to a bowl.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a large saucepan of salted boiling water, cook the linguine until just al dente; drain.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, in the pot, heat 2 tablespoons of the olive oil. Add the fennel and garlic and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until the fennel is softened, about 3 minutes. Add the clams, white wine and stock and bring to a simmer. Cover and cook until the clams open, 3 to 5 minutes; transfer the clams to a large bowl as they open. Remove the pot from the heat; discard any clams that don\'92t open. Reserve 12 whole clams in their shells; shell the remaining clams.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}Bring the juices in the pot to a boil and stir in the linguine, neonata, clams and leeks. Add the remaining 1/4 cup of olive oil and toss until the pasta is coated and the juices are thickened. Stir in the lemon \uc0\u8232 juice and half of the parsley; season with salt and pepper. Serve the pasta in shallow bowls garnished with basil, the remaining parsley and a drizzle of olive oil.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
Neonata is an Italian condiment made from salted fish and chiles. It\'92s available at Italian markets and from Amazon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 Crisp, lightly herbal coastal Italian white.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf5 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/erling-wu-bower"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 ERLING WU-BOWER}} PHOTO\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400
\cf5 \'a9 TARA FISHER\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
\cf5  PUBLISHED
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/linguine-clams-and-fennel"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/linguine-clams-and-fennel}}\
}