{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green131\blue208;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Mushroom Risotto\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 Chef Dave Beran adds a little whipped cream to this earthy mushroom risotto, which improbably makes the dish a little lighter tasting. The ultimate wine pairing: an earthy Barbaresco.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc

\b \cf2 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/risotto"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 More Risotto Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		1 stick plus 2 tablespoons unsalted butter\
		1/2\'a0pound maitake or oyster mushrooms, broken into large clusters or pieces\
		1/4\'a0cup plus 2 tablespoons minced shallots\
		1 teaspoon minced garlic\
		Kosher salt\
		1/2\'a0cup heavy cream\
		1/4\'a0cup grapeseed oil\
		1 cup arborio rice (7 ounces)\
		1 cup dry vermouth\
		1 cup dry white wine\
		4 1/2 cups hot water\
		1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
		3/4\'a0cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese\
		Thyme, for garnish\'a0\
		Finely grated lemon zest, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a small saucepan, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Cook over moderate heat until deep golden, 4 to 5 minutes. Keep warm.\
{\listtext	.	}In a medium skillet, melt 4 tablespoons of the butter. Add the mushrooms, 2 tablespoons of the shallots and the garlic and season with salt. Cook over moderately high heat, stirring occasionally, until the mushrooms are golden and tender, 3 to 4 minutes. Transfer to a plate and keep warm.\
{\listtext	.	}In a bowl, beat the heavy cream until soft peaks form; refrigerate.\
{\listtext	.	}In a medium saucepan, heat the grapeseed oil. Add the remaining 1/4 cup of shallots and cook over moderate heat, stirring occasionally, until translucent, about 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook, stirring, for 2 minutes. Add the vermouth and cook until almost evaporated, then stir in the wine and cook until almost evaporated, about 2 minutes. Add 1/2 cup of the hot water and cook, stirring constantly, until the liquid is absorbed, about 2 minutes. Continue stirring in hot water, 1/2 cup at a time, until it is almost absorbed before adding more. The risotto is done when the rice is just al dente, about 18 minutes total. Stir in the lemon juice, grated cheese and the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter.\
{\listtext	.	}Fold the whipped cream into the risotto and bring to a simmer for 30 seconds; the risotto should be thick and frothy. Season with salt. Spoon the risotto into bowls and drizzle with the browned butter. Top with the caramelized mushrooms, garnish with thyme, grated lemon zest and cracked pepper and serve at once.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf5 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/dave-beran"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 DAVE BERAN}} PHOTO \'a9 CON POULOS PUBLISHED
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/dave-beran-mushroom-risotto"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/dave-beran-mushroom-risotto}}\
}