{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red57\green131\blue208;\red83\green83\blue83;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 Lamb Burgers with Green Harissa\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 Harissa, a staple in Tunisian and Moroccan cooking, ordinarily contains dried red chiles. Grace Parisi makes her green version with Anaheim and serrano chiles to add bright flavor to grilled lamb {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/10-favorite-burger-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 burgers}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc

\b \cf2 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/spicy-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 More Spicy Recipes to Try}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		1 pound ground lamb\
		1/2 cup cooked white rice\
		1 large egg, beaten\
		1/2 cup chopped cilantro\
		Kosher salt\
		Freshly ground black pepper\
		1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for grilling\
		4 hot green chiles, such as serranos or jalape\'f1os, thinly sliced\
		2 mild green chiles, such as Anaheim or yellow wax chiles, seeded and coarsely chopped\
		2 scallions, coarsely chopped\
		1 garlic clove, smashed\
		Warm naan, chopped tomatoes and feta, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}Light a grill or preheat a grill pan. In a medium bowl, combine the ground lamb with the cooked rice, egg and 1/4 cup of the cilantro. Add 1 teaspoon of kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper and gently knead the meat to blend. Using lightly moistened hands, form the meat into 12 patties, about 1/2 inch thick. Brush the patties with olive oil.\
{\listtext	.	}Grill the patties over moderate heat, turning occasionally, until browned and cooked through, about 6 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, in a food processor, combine the hot and mild chiles with the scallions, garlic and the remaining 1/4 cup of cilantro and pulse until chopped. Add the 1/4 cup of olive oil and process to a chunky puree. Season the harissa with salt. Wrap the lamb in the warm naan with tomatoes and feta. Spoon some of the green harissa on top and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 MAKE AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 The green harissa can be refrigerated overnight.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 Lively, herb-scented red C\'f4tes du Rh\'f4ne.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf4 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/grace-parisi"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 GRACE PARISI}} PHOTO \'a9 LUCY SCHAEFFERPUBLISHED {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/monthly/september-2012"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 SEPTEMBER 2012}}
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/lamb-burgers-with-green-harissa"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/lamb-burgers-with-green-harissa}}\
}