{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red114\green173\blue43;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl900\sa520

\f0\fs80 \cf2 Pork with Apples, Calvados and Apple Cider\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs34 \cf2 Yield:
\f1  Serves 4
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf3 BON APP\'c9TIT | MAY 1994
\f1\fs24 \cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl620\sa240

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Ingredients\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa300
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs38 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}1 pound pork tenderloin, trimmed, cut into 1-inch-thick slices\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl620
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa300
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}5 tablespoons butter\
{\listtext	\'95	}4 medium Golden Delicious apples (about 1 1/2 pounds); peeled, cored, \'a0sliced 1/3 inch thick\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 teaspoon sugar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl620
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl440\sa300
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}2 large shallots, chopped\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 tablespoon chopped fresh thyme or 1 teaspoon dried\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup Calvados or other apple brandy\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 cup whipping cream\
{\listtext	\'95	}1/4 cup apple cider\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl620\sa240

\f0\fs48 \cf2 Preparation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl620\sa560

\f1\fs38 \cf2 Place pork slices between plastic wrap. Using mallet, pound pork slices to 1/4-inch thickness. (Can be prepared 4 hours ahead. Cover tightly and refrigerate.)\
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add apples and sugar to skillet and saut\'e9 until golden brown, about 6 minutes. Set aside.\
Melt 2 tablespoons butter in another heavy large skillet over high heat. Season pork with salt and pepper. Add pork to skillet and saut\'e9 until just cooked through, about 2 minutes per side. Transfer to plate; keep warm.\
Melt 1 tablespoon butter in same skillet over medium heat. Add shallots and thyme and saut\'e9 2 minutes. Add Calvados and boil until reduced to glaze, scraping up any browned bits. Stir in cream and cider; boil until mixture thickens to sauce consistency, about 3 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.\
Reheat apples, if necessary. Arrange a few pork slices on each plate. Spoon sauce over. Top generously with saut\'e9ed apple slices and serve.\
}