{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green131\blue208;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Hunting Cabin Steak\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 Marinating grilled rib eye steaks in red wine, spices and citrus zest makes them exceptionally good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc

\b \cf2 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/steak"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 More Steak Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		2 cups dry red wine\
		2 tablespoons sugar\
		6 whole cloves\
		6 juniper berries, crushed\
		Two 3-inch cinnamon sticks\
		1 teaspoon finely grated orange zest\
		1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest\'a0plus 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice\
		1/2 teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg\
		Two 1-pound bone-in rib eye steaks (about 1 inch thick)\
		1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
		Kosher salt\
		Pepper\
		1/2 pound chanterelle mushrooms\
		Chopped parsley\'a0\
		Flaky sea salt, for garnish\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a medium saucepan, combine the wine and sugar and bring to a simmer. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring to dissolve the sugar. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the cloves, juniper berries, cinnamon sticks, orange zest, lemon zest and nutmeg. Let cool completely. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a resealable plastic bag or shallow baking dish, combine the steaks with the cooled marinade and refrigerate overnight.\
{\listtext	.	}Light a grill. Remove the steaks from the marinade and pat dry; discard the marinade. Rub the steaks with 2 tablespoons of the oil; season with salt and pepper. Grill over moderate heat, turning once, until nicely charred and an instant-read thermometer inserted in the center registers 125\'b0 for medium-rare, 10 to 12 minutes. Let rest for 10 minutes on a platter. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a large skillet, heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil. Add the chanterelles and season with salt and pepper. Cook over moderately high heat, stirring, until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in the lemon juice. Spoon the mushrooms over the steaks, garnish with parsley and sea salt and serve.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540\sa400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	.	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 A fragrant, concentrated Sagrantino.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf5 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/vinny-dotolo-jon-shook"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 VINNY DOTOLO & JON SHOOK}} PHOTO PUBLISHED
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/hunting-cabin-steak"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/hunting-cabin-steak}}\
}