{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green131\blue208;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Grilled Skirt Steak with Shishitos and Charred Lemon\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 The tender beef, spicy shishito peppers, pungent blue cheese and smoky lemon-dressed salad are incredible together. Chef Dave Beran tailor-made the dish to go with peppery Malbec from Argentina.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc

\b \cf2 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/steak"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 More Steak Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		1/4\'a0cup each rosemary and thyme leaves\
		1/4\'a0cup minced shallot\
		8 garlic cloves\
		6 whole peppercorns\
		1 cup grapeseed oil\
		1 1/2\'a0pounds skirt steak, cut into 2 equal pieces\
		Kosher salt\
		Pepper\
		4 ounces shishito peppers\
		3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil\
		Kosher salt\
		Pepper\
		1\'a0lemon, halved\
		4 cups fris\'e9e (2 1/2 ounces), coarsely torn\
		4 cups watercress (2 ounces), stemmed and coarsely torn\
		1/4\'a0cup chopped mint\
		2 celery ribs, thinly sliced on the diagonal, plus 1/2 cup celery leaves\
		2 ounces Stilton or other blue cheese, crumbled\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}PREPARE THE STEAK In a blender, combine all of the ingredients except the steak, salt and pepper. Puree until smooth. Put the steak in a large resealable plastic bag. Pour the marinade over the steak, seal the bag and turn to coat the meat. Refrigerate overnight.\
{\listtext	.	}Light a grill or preheat a grill pan. Pat the steak dry and season with salt and pepper. Grill over moderate heat until medium-rare, about 3 minutes per side. Transfer the steak to a cutting board and let rest for 10 minutes. Leave the grill on.\
{\listtext	.	}MAKE THE SALAD In a bowl, toss the shishitos with 1 tablespoon of the oil and season with salt and pepper. Grill the peppers until lightly charred all over, about 2 minutes. Grill the lemon halves cut side down until lightly charred, 5 minutes.\
{\listtext	.	}In a bowl, toss the grilled shishitos with the fris\'e9e, watercress, mint, celery and leaves and the remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Squeeze 1 tablespoon of juice from a grilled lemon over the salad, season with salt and pepper and toss. Top with the cheese.\
{\listtext	.	}Thinly slice the steak across the grain. Serve with the salad and grilled lemon halves for squeezing over the steak.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf5 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/dave-beran"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 DAVE BERAN}} PHOTO \'a9 CON POULOS PUBLISHED
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/grilled-skirt-steak-shishitos-and-charred-lemon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/grilled-skirt-steak-shishitos-and-charred-lemon}}\
}