{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red47\green118\blue156;
\red222\green0\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\f0\fs52 \cf0 \cb2 Summer Salad with Herbs and Pita Crisps\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\fs18 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/kay-chun"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
KAY CHUN}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		TOTAL TIME: 
\b0 40 MIN
\b \
		SERVINGS:
\b0  4 TO 6
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		FAST\
		HEALTHY\
		VEGETARIAN\
		STAFF-FAVORITE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200

\f0\i\b0\fs32 \cf0 This baby romaine salad is amazing thanks to generous amounts of fresh green herbs, Kirby cucumber, green beans and oil-crisped pita shards.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\b \cf0 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-salads"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 More Summer Salad Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\i0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
RELATED RECIPES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://editor.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-recipes-inspired-our-favorite-artisans"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Summer Recipes Inspired by Our Favorite Artisans}}
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\b\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}6 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for brushing\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon finely grated garlic\
{\listtext	.	}2 pita breads, each split into 2 rounds\
{\listtext	.	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	.	}Pepper\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 pound haricots verts, green beans or wax beans, trimmed\
{\listtext	.	}1 mint sprig plus 2 cups chopped mint\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	.	}1 shallot, minced\
{\listtext	.	}1 Kirby cucumber, chopped\
{\listtext	.	}6 cups packed chopped baby romaine (6 ounces)\
{\listtext	.	}2 cups parsley leaves\
{\listtext	.	}12 multicolored cherry tomatoes, halved\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup sunflower sprouts or chopped purslane\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}Preheat the oven to 375\'b0. In a small bowl, mix the 6 tablespoons of olive oil with the garlic. Brush the pita with 2 tablespoons of the garlic oil. Toast in the oven for 5 to 7 minutes, until crisp and golden. Transfer the pita to a plate; season with salt and pepper. Let cool, then break into big crisps.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, in a medium saucepan of salted boiling water, blanch the beans until crisp-tender, about 2 minutes. Drain and chill in a bowl of ice water. Drain and pat dry; halve the beans crosswise.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}Rub the mint sprig all over the inside of a large wooden bowl; discard the sprig. In the bowl, mix the remaining 4 tablespoons of garlic oil with the lemon juice and shallot; season with salt and pepper. Add the chopped mint, beans, cucumber, romaine, parsley, tomatoes, sprouts and pita crisps and toss to evenly coat.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Spritzy, citrusy Vinho Verde from Portugal is the perfect lighthearted summer salad wine.\
}