{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green118\blue156;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red222\green0\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\f0\fs52 \cf0 Heirloom Tomato Salad with Anchovy Vinaigrette\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 		TOTAL TIME: 
\b0 30 MIN
\b \
		SERVINGS:
\b0  4
\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 		FAST\
		HEALTHY\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200

\f0\i\b0\fs32 \cf0 This warm, garlicky anchovy dressing here is fantastic with an assortment of juicy, peak-season tomatoes. To finish the dish, Amelia O\'92Reilly and Nico Monday top it with tangy pickled shallots and an oozy, soft-boiled egg.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\b \cf0 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-salads"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Great Summer Salads}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\i0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
RELATED RECIPES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-party"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Summer Party}}
\b0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/tomatoes"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Tomatoes}}\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/%23"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MORE 
\f2 \uc0\u8744 }}
\fs18 \cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\b\fs20 \cf5 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil\
{\listtext	.	}4 anchovies, minced\
{\listtext	.	}1 garlic clove, minced\
{\listtext	.	}1 teaspoon finely grated lemon zest\
{\listtext	.	}1 medium shallot, thinly sliced\
{\listtext	.	}2 tablespoons red wine vinegar\
{\listtext	.	}2 large eggs\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/2 pounds assorted heirloom tomatoes\'97large ones sliced, small ones halved\
{\listtext	.	}Fleur de sel\
{\listtext	.	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	.	}Flat-leaf parsley, for serving\
{\listtext	.	}Marjoram leaves, for serving\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \cb3 {\listtext	.	} In a small skillet, combine the olive oil, anchovies, garlic and lemon zest.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	} In a small bowl, toss the shallot with the vinegar and let stand for 10 minutes.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	} Bring a small saucepan of water to a boil. Turn the heat to low and, when the water is simmering, gently place the eggs in the water. Cook for 6 minutes, until lightly boiled. Have an ice bath ready near the stove. With a slotted spoon, plunge the eggs in the ice bath and let cool for 2 minutes. Peel the eggs.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	} Arrange the tomatoes on 4 plates and season with fleur de sel and pepper. Scatter the shallot and vinegar over the tomatoes.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	} Warm the anchovy dressing over moderate heat to a gentle simmer; pour over the tomatoes. Cut the eggs in half crosswise and place a half on each plate. Scatter the parsley and marjoram over the salad and serve at once.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Tangy, fresh tomatoes like the ones in this salad call for a vibrant white to match their acidity.\
}