{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green106\blue106;\red47\green118\blue156;
\red222\green0\blue47;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\f0\fs52 \cf0 \cb2 Southern Cobb Salad with Roasted Sweet Onion Dressing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\fs18 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/shaun-doty"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SHAUN DOTY}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320
\ls1\ilvl0
\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		TOTAL TIME: 
\b0 1 HR 15 MIN
\b \
		SERVINGS:
\b0  4 TO 6
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa200

\f0\i\b0\fs32 \cf0 This fantastic salad gets a boost of flavor from a toasty roasted sweet onion and garlic dressing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\b \cf0 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/salads"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 More Delicious Salads}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\i0\b\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
RELATED RECIPES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/summer-salads"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Summer Salads}}
\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/pairing-of-the-day-september-23-27-2013"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Pairing of the Day: September 23-27, 2013}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\b\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
DRESSING\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}6 unpeeled garlic cloves\
{\listtext	.	}2 large Vidalia onions (1 1/2 pounds), peeled and quartered through the core\
{\listtext	.	}1 1/4 cups vegetable oil, plus more for brushing\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup apple cider vinegar\
{\listtext	.	}1/4 cup fresh lemon juice\
{\listtext	.	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	.	}Freshly ground pepper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SALAD\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}10 lightly packed cups mixed lettuces (8 ounces)\
{\listtext	.	}Kosher salt\
{\listtext	.	}Freshly ground pepper\
{\listtext	.	}2 cups shredded cooked chicken\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup cooked fresh or thawed frozen corn kernels\
{\listtext	.	}1 cup buckwheat or radish sprouts\
{\listtext	.	}4 ounces blue cheese, crumbled (1 cup)\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup crumbled cooked bacon\
{\listtext	.	}1 Hass avocado, peeled and diced\
{\listtext	.	}1 medium tomato, diced\
{\listtext	.	}1/2 cup toasted pecans, chopped\
{\listtext	.	}2 hard-cooked eggs, peeled and sliced lengthwise\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	.	}MAKE THE DRESSING Preheat the oven to 425\'b0. Wrap the garlic cloves in foil and set on a rimmed baking sheet. Brush the onions with oil and arrange on the baking sheet. Bake for about 1 hour, until the onions and garlic are lightly charred and soft. Let cool.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	} Peel the garlic and transfer the cloves to a blender. Add the onions, cider vinegar and lemon juice and puree until smooth. With the blender on, gradually add the 1 1/4 cups of vegetable oil until incorporated. Season the dressing with salt and pepper.
\b \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	.	}MAKE THE SALAD In a large bowl, toss the lettuces with 1/2 cup of the dressing and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a serving bowl or platter. Arrange the remaining ingredients on top and serve, passing the remaining dressing at the table.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
MAKE AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The onion dressing can be refrigerated for up to 4 days.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl200

\f1\b\fs20 \cf5 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Medium-bodied Sauvignon Blanc has enough heft to go with ingredients like bacon and eggs and enough brightness to stand up to vinegary dressings. Pour a Sancerre.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\qr

\fs18 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
PUBLISHED {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/monthly/september-2013"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \kerning1\expnd4\expndtw20
SEPTEMBER 2013}}\
}