{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green131\blue208;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Cheddar-Stuffed Burgers with Pickled Slaw and Fried Shallots\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 Kyle Bailey makes these cheese-stuffed \'93Juicy Lucy\'94 burgers with a custom blend of ground rib eye steak and pork fatback, and serves them on homemade herb-butter rolls. This streamlined version for the home cook calls for ground beef chuck and store-bought brioche buns.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc

\b \cf2 Slideshow:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/10-favorite-burger-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 F&W\'92s Top 10 Burger Recipes}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		Kosher salt\
		8 cups finely shredded green cabbage (from a 1 1/2-pound head)\
		1 cup distilled white vinegar\
		1 tablespoon sugar\
		2 tablespoons yellow mustard seeds\
		Vegetable oil, for frying\
		5 large shallots, very thinly sliced crosswise and separated into rings\
		1/4 cup Wondra flour (see Note)\
		1 1/2 pounds ground beef chuck, preferably 85 percent lean\
		1 teaspoon onion powder\
		1 teaspoon garlic powder\
		1 teaspoon sweet smoked paprika\
		1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce\
		Freshly ground pepper\
		6 ounces extra-sharp cheddar, shredded\
		2 cups baby arugula\
		4 brioche buns, split and toasted\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a large bowl, toss 1 tablespoon of kosher salt with the cabbage and massage it until it softens and releases its liquid, about 4 minutes. Drain the cabbage in a colander and rinse it.\
{\listtext	.	}Wipe out the bowl. Add the vinegar, sugar, mustard seeds, 1 cup of water and 1 tablespoon of salt. Add the cabbage to the vinegar mixture, toss to coat and place a plate on top to keep it submerged. Let stand at room temperature for 2 hours.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, in a large saucepan, heat 1 1/2 inches of vegetable oil to 325\'b0. In a medium bowl, toss the shallots with the Wondra flour. Fry the shallots all at once, stirring gently, until golden, about 7 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shallots to a paper towel\'96lined plate to drain. Season the shallots with salt. Reserve the cooking oil.\
{\listtext	.	}In a medium bowl, combine the ground beef with the onion powder, garlic powder, smoked paprika, Worcestershire sauce and 2 teaspoons each of kosher salt and ground pepper. Knead gently until thoroughly mixed. Form the beef into eight 4-inch patties. Press the shredded cheese into four 2 1/2-inch disks. Sandwich the cheese disks between the patties. Pinch the edges together to seal.\
{\listtext	.	}Heat a grill pan or griddle. Brush the burgers with some of the shallot cooking oil and cook over moderate heat until browned on the bottom, about 3 minutes. Flip the burgers, invert a large heatproof bowl over them and cook until medium within and the cheese is melted, about 3 minutes longer.\
{\listtext	.	}Mound the arugula on the bun bottoms and top with the burgers. Drain the pickled cabbage and mound some of it on the burgers; reserve the rest of the pickled cabbage for another use. Top with the fried shallots and the bun tops and serve.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 MAKE AHEAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
The pickled cabbage can be refrigerated in its brine and the fried shallots can be stored at room temperature in an airtight container for up to 4 days.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 NOTES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 \
Wondra flour, which is more granular than regular all-purpose flour, is available at most supermarkets.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa80

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 SUGGESTED PAIRING\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf2 Intense burgers like these benefit from a wine with enough tannins to cut through the richness. Pour a robust Cabernet from Washington state.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf5 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/kyle-bailey"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 KYLE BAILEY}} PHOTO \'a9 MARCUS NILSSONPUBLISHED {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/monthly/february-2013"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 FEBRUARY 2013}}
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/cheddar-stuffed-burgers-with-pickled-slaw-and-fried-shallots"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/cheddar-stuffed-burgers-with-pickled-slaw-and-fried-shallots}}\
}