{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red16\green131\blue255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \cb2 Tomato Soup With Arugula, Croutons, And Pecorino\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240

\fs32 \cf0 Don\'92t pass over slightly bruised or extra-ripe tomatoes; they\'92re often the most flavorful and especially good here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\fs40 \cf3 Ingredients\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs22 \cf3 SERVINGS: 4\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf3 		2 slices thick country-style bread, torn into bite-size pieces
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		4 tablespoons olive oil, divided, plus more for drizzling
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		Kosher salt
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 large white onion, thinly sliced
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 garlic cloves, crushed
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		2 tablespoons thyme leaves
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		Freshly ground black pepper
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1\'bd pounds beefsteak tomatoes, cut into wedges
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		Hot sauce
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 cup baby arugula
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 		1 ounce Pecorino, shaved
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa400

\fs40 \cf0 Recipe Tips\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf4 INGREDIENTS}}
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients/article/from-the-market-eggplants"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 How to Choose the Best Eggplants at the Market}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf4 RECIPES}}
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/slideshow/raspberry-recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 17 Raspberry Recipes for All Your Dessert and Drink Needs}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22 \cf4 INGREDIENTS}}
\fs22 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa320
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients/article/at-the-market-cherries"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 From the Market: How to Find the Perfect Pint of Cherries}}
\fs32 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480

\fs40 \cf0 Preparation\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf3 		Preheat oven to 400\'b0. Toss bread with 2 Tbsp. oil on a rimmed baking sheet; season with salt. Bake, tossing halfway through, until golden brown and crunchy, 8\'9610 minutes; set croutons aside.\
		\
		Heat 2 Tbsp. oil in a large skillet over medium. Add onion, garlic, and thyme; season with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring often, until onion is soft, 5\'967 minutes. Add tomatoes and cook, stirring often, until they just start to release their juices, about 1 minute. Add 1 cup water and bring to a boil. Transfer tomato mixture to a blender and blend until smooth; taste and add hot sauce to your liking. Season with salt and pepper. \
		\
		Drizzle soup with more oil and top with arugula, Pecorino, and croutons. \
		\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 		Do Ahead: Croutons can be made 1 day ahead. Store airtight at room temperature.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 		Recipe by Joshua McFadden, Ava Gene's, Portland, OR\
		Photograph by Peden & Munk\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 		Created For {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/test-kitchen/ingredients/article/summer-tomato-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 You Say Tomato, We Say Make These Recipes Immediately}}\
}