{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red57\green175\blue243;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f0\fs88 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd2\expndtw10
A Pasta for Lovers\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 		\
		\
		\
		\
		\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320

\f0 \cf0 \cb2 JANUARY 18, 2011 / BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/?s=deb-perelman&qf=contributors_ss&sort=date&order=desc"}}{\fldrslt DEB PERELMAN}} PHOTOGRAPHS BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bonappetit.com/?s=deb-perelman&qf=contributors_ss&sort=date&order=desc"}}{\fldrslt DEB PERELMAN}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480

\fs32 \cf3 Most stuffed shells recipes are cheese bombs, stuffed with ricotta until they pop, but with little actual zing. I wanted something brighter, a real surprise to bite into, and attempted to amplify the flavor of my favorite vegetable, the artichoke, in every way I knew how: a slip of brown butter, a hint of white wine, a pile of caramelized onions, Parmesan for flavor, Romano for punch, and lemon juice for brightness.\
The result is nothing like the stuffed shells I ate most recently\'96admittedly, in the 1980s. Here, the ricotta is on the outside, a lush compliment for pockets of louder flavor within. And while the dish is substantial, it won\'92t make you feel weighed down. So you and your date will still feel like breaking into the heart-shaped box of chocolates, or um, other activities.\
If making a sauce from scratch is not for you, simply replace it with 2 1/2 to 3 cups of a prepared tomato sauce of your choice. If you\'92ve got a Trader Joe\'92s near you, their frozen artichoke hearts are outstanding.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480

\fs24 \cf0 \pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480

\fs32 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600

\fs56 \cf0 Heart-Stuffed Shells in a Ricotta Sauce\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480

\fs32 \cf3 Serves 4\
**Please note: This recipe was not tested or edited by the 
\i Bon App\'e9tit
\i0 Test Kitchen**\
INGREDIENTS\
Shells\
18 jumbo pasta shells (approximately half of a 12-ounce box)\
3 tablespoons unsalted butter\
1 to 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided\
1 large onion, chopped small\
12 ounces frozen artichoke hearts, thawed and patted dry\
1/4 cup dry white wine\
1/2 cup (1 1/4 ounces) finely grated Romano cheese\
1/2 cup (1 1/2 ounces) finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese\
2 large egg yolks\
1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lemon juice\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
Freshly ground black pepper to taste\
Sauce\
4 tablespoons (1/4 cup) unsalted butter\
1/4 cup all-purpose flour\
2 cups whole milk\
1 garlic clove, minced\
1/2 cup ricotta cheese\
2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\
1/2 teaspoon salt\
Freshly ground black pepper to taste\
2 tablespoons chopped flat-leaf parsley or fresh basil leaves, for garnish (optional)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480

\fs24 \cf0 \pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480

\fs32 \cf3 \
PREPARATION\
Cook the shells: Bring a large pot of salted water to boil, and cook shells according to package directions. Drain and toss with a teaspoon or two of olive oil, to keep them from sticking.\
Make the filling: Melt butter in a heavy 12-inch skillet (or the bottom of the dried-out pot you used to cook your pasta, if you\'92re into dirtying fewer dishes) and cook it until it turns nutty and brown, stirring occasionally to keep the solids moving on the bottom of the pan. Once it is a nice nutty brown, add 1 tablespoon olive oil, then the onions and cook them until they are lightly brown and caramelized, about 7 minutes. Add the artichoke hearts and cook them until they are softened a bit, about 5 minutes. Add the wine and cook it until it completely disappears.\
Remove the pan from the heat and let it cool slightly, before transferring it to the bowl of a food processor. Add both cheeses, the yolks, lemon juice, salt and black pepper and pulse in the food processor until well chopped but still retains a little texture.\
Make the sauce: Melt the butter in a medium saucepan (or the wiped out pot you made the artichoke filling in, if you\'92re into spending less time scrubbing pots) over medium-high heat. Once melted, add the flour all at once and whisk it until smooth. Add the milk, a small glug at a time, whisking constantly so no lumps form. Once the mixture has reached a batter-like consistency, you can begin adding the milk in larger pours at a time, whisking the whole time. Once all the milk is added, add the garlic and bring the sauce to a boil, stirring frequently. Once boiling, it will immediately begin to thicken. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer for two to three minutes before stirring in the ricotta, lemon juice, salt and black pepper. Adjust salt, pepper and lemon to taste.\
Assemble the dish: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Pour two cups of sauce (you\'92ll have about 2 1/2 cups total) into the bottom of a 9\'d713 baking dish. Scoop one tablespoon of artichoke filling inside each cooked shell; this will fill it but still allow the sides to close and neatly hold the filling intact while it bakes. Nest each pasta shell in the sauce, seam up. Dollop a spoonful of the remaining sauce over each shell. Cover the dish with foil and bake it for 30 minutes, then remove the foil and bake it for a final 15 minutes. Sprinkle with parsley or basil, if using, and serve immediately.\
**Please note: This recipe was not tested or edited by the 
\i Bon App\'e9tit
\i0 Test Kitchen**\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500

\fs24 \cf0 
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa480
\cf3 Deb Perelman is a self-taught home cook, photographer and the creator of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://smittenkitchen.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Smitten Kitchen}} website, a blog with a focus on stepped-up home cooking through unfussy ingredients. Her first cookbook, The Smitten Kitchen Cookbook, will be published by Knopf in 2012. Deb lives in New York City with her husband and delicious baby son.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf0 \
}