{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green131\blue208;
\red83\green83\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa240\qc

\f0\b\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 Lola Burgers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300\qc

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/restaurants/b-spot"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf4 B Spot}}
\b  \'95 Woodmere, OH
\b0 \
This iteration of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/chefs/michael-symon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Michael Symon}}'s crazy-delicious Lola{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/10-favorite-burger-recipes"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 burger}}\'97part hamburger, part {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/great-breakfasts"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 breakfast}} sandwich\'97was adapted from his latest cookbook, 
\i Michael Symon's Live to Cook
\i0 .\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa400\qc

\fs24 \cf0 
\fs36 \cf2 \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/slideshows/10-favorite-burger-recipes"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf4 Top 10 Favorite Burgers}}\
\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\fs26 \cf2 INGREDIENTS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b\fs24 \cf2 		8 thick-cut slices of smoky bacon (1/2 pound)\
		1 1/2 pounds mixed ground sirloin and chuck\
		Kosher salt and freshly ground pepper\
		4 slices of smoked cheddar cheese (2 ounces)\
		4 large eggs\
		4 English muffins, toasted\
		1/4 cup pickled cocktail onions, thinly sliced\
		Ketchup and mustard, for serving\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa300

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf2 INSTRUCTIONS\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl540
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs36 \cf2 {\listtext	.	}In a large nonstick skillet, cook the bacon over moderate heat until crisp, about 6 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Pour off all but 1 tablespoon of the bacon fat in the skillet.\
{\listtext	.	}Preheat a grill pan. Shape the meat into four 5-inch patties and season generously with salt and pepper. Grill over moderately high heat until lightly charred, about 3 minutes. Flip the burgers and top with the smoked cheddar. Cook for about 3 minutes longer for medium-rare meat.\
{\listtext	.	}Meanwhile, in the reserved bacon fat in the skillet, fry the eggs over-easy over moderate heat, about 3 minutes. Set the burgers on the bottoms of the English muffins and top with the pickled onions, bacon and fried eggs. Serve with ketchup and mustard.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs20 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540

\fs16 \cf5 CONTRIBUTED BY {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/contributors/michael-symon"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 MICHAEL SYMON}} PHOTO \'a9 TINA RUPPPUBLISHED {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/monthly/june-2011"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 JUNE 2011}}
\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/lola-burgers-cocktails-2011"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 http://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/lola-burgers-cocktails-2011}}\
}